I see you've decided
not to take your medication.
Where have you been. hmm?
Have you forgotten that I'm your husband?
I'm your husband. Do you hear me?
Listen here.
Get some Vaseline.
Do it yourself. you bastard.
I'm a bastard?
I'll show you what a bastard is.
I'm a bastard now. Joyce?
You're hitting me?
-Jonasi. you're hitting me? Your wife?
-What are you doing? Don't you dare.
You're hitting me? Jo!
-Joyce!
-You're hitting your wife?
-Jo!
-Listen here. I said listen here.
You're my wife. you hear me?
I'm not your piece of shit!
Do you hear me?
You and I will be separated by death.
You hear me? We're going to be
separated by death. you and I. Joyce.
Do you hear me?
Mmm.
Uh. speaking of results…
I've already drafted a gift list
for all my six distinctions.
Good girl. Wow. That's my girl.
Look at you.
You'll be working
alongside Daddy real soon.
Four in.
Full house.
Wait. so you were bluffing
this whole time?
You definitely take after your father.
I'll give you that.
No. no. no. Never.
The one who took after him is you.
Doesn't he always call you…
…"Daddy's little girl"?
"My little girl."
Do you want me to bring you thing?
-Hmm.
-Mmm. No.
-My goodness.
-I'll text you if I think of anything.
Yeah. bye-bye.
Wow.
-Love you.
-Love you too. Dad.
Oh. my goodness.
-What are you doing here?
-Oh. stop being a nuisance.
I'm here to get my dad's clothes.
Okay. take his clothes and leave.
So this is your life now?
Living like a dog.
Living in filth.
I said take your father's clothes
and leave.
No worries. I'm leaving. you little slut.
-Excuse me?
-Oh. whoa.
I said you're a disgusting little slut.
Mpume. you need to respect me
because I'm like a mother to you now.
-Get out of my house.
-Your house?
-This is my house.
-Since when?
Didn't your father tell you
that this house is now under my name?
Lindani. why are you doing this?
You were never my friend.
Mpume. you have one problem.
You know what?
You think you're so superior
and better than everyone else.
Can't you see that you're the problem?
Sarah slept with your man.
Your own sister.
And now.
your friend is sleeping with your dad.
-Piss off.
-What are you doing?
-You're full of it.
-I'll show you.
-Mpume!
I'm going to beat you up.
I'm going to hurt you.
-Get off me! Get off me!
-I'll show you.
-No ways. Don't put it there.
-Just a little bit.
I need to so you can heal.
-It stings.
-Just a little bit.
Don't put any on there.
No. no. no.
What's wrong? What happened now?
That idiot Lindani scratched me.
Why did she scratch you?
She went there
to get your father's clothes.
She kept pushing me.
She kept saying that place is now under
her name and that Dad gave it to her.
Gosh.
He wouldn't do that. would he?
Don't you need my help?
You leave me alone.
Leave me alone.
Move.
-Move.
-I didn't come here to fight.
-I'm just trying to help you.
-I said piss off.
-Wow.
-Piss off!
Stop being stubborn. Gomora.
-No. come this side. Who's being stubborn?
-Yeah. but you do need help. though.
Come this side.
Don't let me fall. Don't let me fall.
Joyce. it's me. I'm here to see Jonasi.
Joyce. open.
No way. Kill me right now.
I have a right to see him.
He's my husband too.
Mmm.
I hear you. but unfortunately.
he's still sleeping.
He's in no shape to see visitors.
-Visitors?
-Mmm.
I'm his wife and you know that.
Keep your voice down.
We're in the suburbs.
Stop being selfish.
Where were you when I was feeding him.
bathing him. cleaning him?
When I was changing his linen?
You were here in your suburbs
sitting in this mansion of yours!
You didn't care what happened to him.
Whoa.
I was quietly waiting for you
to finish your speech.
but my no means no. Essie.
Okay.
Please give this to him.
It's soup.
His favourite that I made for him.
To show I still care about him.
Since you won't let me in.
No. uh-uh. Don't give me that look.
Your father is gravely ill.
Wow.
Won't you take this and throw it
down the sink. It doesn't smell good.
Oh. come on. Mom.
Sarah. listen. you won't believe.
That bitch Joyce.
she won't let me inside the house.
I didn't even see your father.
Mom. if Dad wants to see us. he'll
make sure that he does. no matter what.
I'm sure of that.
I know you and Essie
have a painful history.
-Uh-uh.
-But.
-she is still his wife.
-Mpume.
Have you forgotten that she is one
of the reasons why our family fell apart?
-That's not entirely true. Mom.
-Mpume. I said stop.
Just talk to Magesh.
See what he can do. This is not right.
No. Mom. No. Also. I have to go now.
You know he's sick--
Sarah.
Weren't you the one
who was always lecturing me?
Talking about boundaries and setting them?
You'd judge and look down on me
every time I ran back to your father.
And now here you are talking like this?
The person standing before you. Mom.
hardly has friends.
I'm single. and I don't trust anyone.
I don't want to live in the past. Mom.
And you shouldn't either.
This is for you.
Young Gomora.
You know that if your mother and sister
were to find out
that you've been sneaking in here.
bringing me beers…
…they would surely kill you.
-Wow.
-Mmm.
Well. it's just that
-women can be too emotional sometimes.
-Mm-hmm.
You know. I have no idea
how you managed to marry three of them.
No ways.
Wow.
The biggest mistake I've ever made…
was doing that.
-Mmm.
-Yeah.
You know. Dad. it feels good
to just hang out with you.
Mmm.
Even I don't remember
the last time I sat with you
and had a nice cold one.
Well. I can say that. uh. that's my fault.
Oh?
But now I see now that you were just
trying to make a man out of me.
-Mmm.
-What it truly means to be a real man.
You're the firstborn. right?
So why are you acting weak
when you're my son?
Listen here.
You're going to start working at J&J
and earn your keep.
-Your mother spoiled you.
-Don't hit him.
-What are you doing?
-Mom.
I'm gonna discipline you guys.
-I'll start with you.
-No! Stop it!
Jonas. stop!
What do you think you're doing?
Is the food ready?
Well. yeah. and the end is near
for him. You can just see.
-It's over for him.
-No. no. no. Don't play like that.
What if the kids hear you?
And then what. huh?
Gosh. don't do that.
Just pass me one of those.
Oh. my gosh.
Come on. Leave me alone.
Why won't Essie just give up already. man?
Wow. Disgusting.
Leave the kid alone.
Dad.
Here's some water.
Take a sip.
Oh. no.
You see.
Here. take another sip.
-Dad.
-Hmm?
Why don't you wanna say it?
Say what?
You know… …after all you've done.
you know. I've never heard you say.
"My daughter. Dad is sorry."
Mpume.
Is that how you talk to your father now?
I'm your father.
You know what?
I've spent a lot of time
thinking about this.
Gomora.
from today onwards.
I want you to know that I forgive you.
Nkazimulo.
Look at him run.
He's surely grown up.
You know. your mother…
…when she was younger.
she was full of herself.
She'd call me Rex.
No ways.
-That's what she called me.
-A township dog.
She said I'm a dog.
With rabies.
Dad. take this.
Son. I hear that you've been spending
more time with your father.
That's good. very good.
Well. uh…
Gomora is still my father.
And I'm learning a whole lot from him.
I never thought I'd ever
hear those words from you.
Let's toast. There we go.
Hmm?
-Yeah.
-There we go.
-Oh. Cake.
-Oh. wow. Wow.
Look at you.
-Wow. Joyce. Look at that cake.
-Cake!
Whose cake is this?
-It's yours. Gomora.
-Wow.
Oh. wow.
We want to wish you a happy birthday.
Oh.
Happy birthday to you
Uh-huh!
Oh. yes.
Happy birthday. dear Daddy
You heard that?
Happy birthday to you
Hip-hip!
Hooray!
Dad. make a wish.
Uh…
Wow. Joyce.
If there's one person who's always
made my birthday special. it's you.
It's always been you.
Nkazimulo. come here.
-Come. son. Come help Daddy.
-Go to Daddy.
-Boy.
Blow… Blow out the candle there.
-Wow.
-Again.
Another one. A big one.
Yay!
Have you really forgiven your father?
Yeah. I had to.
You see.
and I know my parents fucked me up.
but then I figured it's because
their parents fucked them up
and someone just had to break the cycle.
And I'm guessing it was me.
Mmm.
Um…
Joyce.
It's cold.
I'm feeling cold. Joyce.
I can't put another blanket on you.
I mean. you're sweating already.
Please climb into bed with me.
Please. Joyce.
Thank you.
Thank you. Joyce.
I have a request.
Please forgive me.
For everything I've done to you.
Joyce. I'm scared.
I'm going to leave you here on Earth.
I'm really scared.
I'm scared. Joyce.
Jo. you need to stop talking now.
You and I don't have
much time left together.
Let's just lay here.
Together.
You and I.
J and J.
Just the way it was always meant to be.
Is there a bun in the oven?
-Is this our little Mlungisi Gomora?
-Oh. stop.
There we go.
I'm proud of you.
We did this.
-Together.
Yes.
-Mmm.
-Is that my name I hear?
Thank you.
Don't forget to come back with
something nice for Nkazi.
Damn.
This suitcase is already heavy.
-Oh. well.
-You're the one who packed it.
Mr Gomora!
Oh. my! Oh. my! Mr Gomora! Mr Gomora!
Mr Gomora is no more.
What's wrong? Dad?
Dad! Dad!
Ntombi. what happened? Wake him up!
-I don't know. I don't know!
-Ntombi. make him wake up!
-This cannot be happening? Oh. my God!
-Oh. my goodness!
-Dad! Ntombi!
-I'm trying to save him! Help!
Oh. no!
Quick. get the ambulance. please!
Oh. my God. Where's the phone?